10000000voltthunderbolt electric
absorb grass
accelerock rock
acid poison
acidarmor poison
aciddownpour poison
acidspray poison
acrobatics flying
acupressure normal
aerialace flying
aeroblast flying
afteryou normal
agility psychic
aircutter flying
airslash flying
alloutpummeling fighting
allyswitch psychic
amnesia psychic
anchorshot steel
ancientpower rock
aquajet water
aquaring water
aquatail water
armthrust fighting
aromatherapy grass
aromaticmist fairy
assist normal
assurance dark
astonish ghost
attackorder bug
attract normal
aurasphere fighting
aurorabeam ice
auroraveil ice
autotomize steel
avalanche ice
babydolleyes fairy
banefulbunker poison
barrage normal
barrier psychic
batonpass normal
beakblast flying
beatup dark
belch poison
bellydrum normal
bestow normal
bide normal
bind normal
bite dark
blackholeeclipse dark
blastburn fire
blazekick fire
blizzard ice
block normal
bloomdoom grass
blueflare fire
bodyslam normal
boltstrike electric
boneclub ground
bonerush ground
bonemerang ground
boomburst normal
bounce flying
bravebird flying
breakneckblitz normal
brickbreak fighting
brine water
brutalswing dark
bubble water
bubblebeam water
bugbite bug
bugbuzz bug
bulkup fighting
bulldoze ground
bulletpunch steel
bulletseed grass
burnup fire
calmmind psychic
camouflage normal
captivate normal
catastropika electric
celebrate normal
charge electric
chargebeam electric
charm fairy
chatter flying
chipaway normal
circlethrow fighting
clamp water
clangingscales dragon
clangoroussoulblaze dragon
clearsmog poison
closecombat fighting
coil poison
cometpunch normal
confide normal
confuseray ghost
confusion psychic
constrict normal
continentalcrush rock
conversion normal
conversion2 normal
copycat normal
coreenforcer dragon
corkscrewcrash steel
cosmicpower psychic
cottonguard grass
cottonspore grass
counter fighting
covet normal
crabhammer water
craftyshield fairy
crosschop fighting
crosspoison poison
crunch dark
crushclaw normal
crushgrip normal
curse ghost
cut normal
darkpulse dark
darkvoid dark
darkestlariat dark
dazzlinggleam fairy
defendorder bug
defensecurl normal
defog flying
destinybond ghost
detect fighting
devastatingdrake dragon
diamondstorm rock
dig ground
disable normal
disarmingvoice fairy
discharge electric
dive water
dizzypunch normal
doomdesire steel
doubleedge normal
doublehit normal
doublekick fighting
doubleslap normal
doubleteam normal
dracometeor dragon
dragonascent flying
dragonbreath dragon
dragonclaw dragon
dragondance dragon
dragonhammer dragon
dragonpulse dragon
dragonrage dragon
dragonrush dragon
dragontail dragon
drainingkiss fairy
drainpunch fighting
dreameater psychic
drillpeck flying
drillrun ground
dualchop dragon
dynamicpunch fighting
earthpower ground
earthquake ground
echoedvoice normal
eerieimpulse electric
eggbomb normal
electricterrain electric
electrify electric
electroball electric
electroweb electric
embargo dark
ember fire
encore normal
endeavor normal
endure normal
energyball grass
entrainment normal
eruption fire
explosion normal
extrasensory psychic
extremeevoboost normal
extremespeed normal
facade normal
feintattack dark
fairylock fairy
fairywind fairy
fakeout normal
faketears dark
falseswipe normal
featherdance flying
feint normal
fellstinger bug
fierydance fire
finalgambit fighting
fireblast fire
firefang fire
firelash fire
firepledge fire
firepunch fire
firespin fire
firstimpression bug
fissure ground
flail normal
flameburst fire
flamecharge fire
flamewheel fire
flamethrower fire
flareblitz fire
flash normal
flashcannon steel
flatter dark
fleurcannon fairy
fling dark
floralhealing fairy
flowershield fairy
fly flying
flyingpress fighting
focusblast fighting
focusenergy normal
focuspunch fighting
followme normal
forcepalm fighting
foresight normal
forestscurse grass
foulplay dark
freezedry ice
freezeshock ice
frenzyplant grass
frostbreath ice
frustration normal
furyattack normal
furycutter bug
furyswipes normal
fusionbolt electric
fusionflare fire
futuresight psychic
gastroacid poison
geargrind steel
gearup steel
genesissupernova psychic
geomancy fairy
gigadrain grass
gigaimpact normal
gigavolthavoc electric
glaciate ice
glare normal
grassknot grass
grasspledge grass
grasswhistle grass
grassyterrain grass
gravity psychic
growl normal
growth normal
grudge ghost
guardsplit psychic
guardswap psychic
guardianofalola fairy
guillotine normal
gunkshot poison
gust flying
gyroball steel
hail ice
hammerarm fighting
happyhour normal
harden normal
haze ice
headcharge normal
headsmash rock
headbutt normal
healbell normal
healblock psychic
healorder bug
healpulse psychic
healingwish psychic
heartstamp psychic
heartswap psychic
heatcrash fire
heatwave fire
heavyslam steel
helpinghand normal
hex ghost
hiddenpower normal
hiddenpowerbug bug
hiddenpowerdark dark
hiddenpowerdragon dragon
hiddenpowerelectric electric
hiddenpowerfighting fighting
hiddenpowerfire fire
hiddenpowerflying flying
hiddenpowerghost ghost
hiddenpowergrass grass
hiddenpowerground ground
hiddenpowerice ice
hiddenpowerpoison poison
hiddenpowerpsychic psychic
hiddenpowerrock rock
hiddenpowersteel steel
hiddenpowerwater water
highhorsepower ground
highjumpkick fighting
holdback normal
holdhands normal
honeclaws dark
hornattack normal
horndrill normal
hornleech grass
howl normal
hurricane flying
hydrocannon water
hydropump water
hydrovortex water
hyperbeam normal
hyperfang normal
hyperspacefury dark
hyperspacehole psychic
hypervoice normal
hypnosis psychic
iceball ice
icebeam ice
iceburn ice
icefang ice
icehammer ice
icepunch ice
iceshard ice
iciclecrash ice
iciclespear ice
icywind ice
imprison psychic
incinerate fire
inferno fire
infernooverdrive fire
infestation bug
ingrain grass
instruct psychic
iondeluge electric
irondefense steel
ironhead steel
irontail steel
judgment normal
jumpkick fighting
karatechop fighting
kinesis psychic
kingsshield steel
knockoff dark
landswrath ground
laserfocus normal
lastresort normal
lavaplume fire
leafblade grass
leafstorm grass
leaftornado grass
leafage grass
leechlife bug
leechseed grass
leer normal
letssnuggleforever fairy
lick ghost
lightofruin fairy
lightscreen psychic
lightthatburnsthesky psychic
liquidation water
lockon normal
lovelykiss normal
lowkick fighting
lowsweep fighting
luckychant normal
lunardance psychic
lunge bug
lusterpurge psychic
machpunch fighting
magiccoat psychic
magicroom psychic
magicalleaf grass
magmastorm fire
magnetbomb steel
magneticflux electric
magnetrise electric
magnitude ground
maliciousmoonsault dark
matblock fighting
mefirst normal
meanlook normal
meditate psychic
megadrain grass
megakick normal
megapunch normal
megahorn bug
memento dark
menacingmoonrazemaelstrom ghost
metalburst steel
metalclaw steel
metalsound steel
meteormash steel
metronome normal
milkdrink normal
mimic normal
mindblown fire
mindreader normal
minimize normal
miracleeye psychic
mirrorcoat psychic
mirrormove flying
mirrorshot steel
mist ice
mistball psychic
mistyterrain fairy
moonblast fairy
moongeistbeam ghost
moonlight fairy
morningsun normal
mudslap ground
mudbomb ground
mudshot ground
mudsport ground
muddywater water
multiattack normal
mysticalfire fire
nastyplot dark
naturalgift normal
naturepower normal
naturesmadness fairy
needlearm grass
neverendingnightmare ghost
nightdaze dark
nightshade ghost
nightslash dark
nightmare ghost
nobleroar normal
nuzzle electric
oblivionwing flying
oceanicoperetta water
octazooka water
odorsleuth normal
ominouswind ghost
originpulse water
outrage dragon
overheat fire
painsplit normal
paraboliccharge electric
partingshot dark
payday normal
payback dark
peck flying
perishsong normal
petalblizzard grass
petaldance grass
phantomforce ghost
photongeyser psychic
pinmissile bug
plasmafists electric
playnice normal
playrough fairy
pluck flying
poisonfang poison
poisongas poison
poisonjab poison
poisonpowder poison
poisonsting poison
poisontail poison
pollenpuff bug
pound normal
powder bug
powdersnow ice
powergem rock
powersplit psychic
powerswap psychic
powertrick psychic
powertrip dark
poweruppunch fighting
powerwhip grass
precipiceblades ground
present normal
prismaticlaser psychic
protect normal
psybeam psychic
psychup normal
psychic psychic
psychicfangs psychic
psychicterrain psychic
psychoboost psychic
psychocut psychic
psychoshift psychic
psyshock psychic
psystrike psychic
psywave psychic
pulverizingpancake normal
punishment dark
purify poison
pursuit dark
quash dark
quickattack normal
quickguard fighting
quiverdance bug
rage normal
ragepowder bug
raindance water
rapidspin normal
razorleaf grass
razorshell water
razorwind normal
recover normal
recycle normal
reflect psychic
reflecttype normal
refresh normal
relicsong normal
rest psychic
retaliate normal
return normal
revelationdance normal
revenge fighting
reversal fighting
roar normal
roaroftime dragon
rockblast rock
rockclimb normal
rockpolish rock
rockslide rock
rocksmash fighting
rockthrow rock
rocktomb rock
rockwrecker rock
roleplay psychic
rollingkick fighting
rollout rock
roost flying
rototiller ground
round normal
sacredfire fire
sacredsword fighting
safeguard normal
sandattack ground
sandtomb ground
sandstorm rock
savagespinout bug
scald water
scaryface normal
scratch normal
screech normal
searingshot fire
searingsunrazesmash steel
secretpower normal
secretsword fighting
seedbomb grass
seedflare grass
seismictoss fighting
selfdestruct normal
shadowball ghost
shadowbone ghost
shadowclaw ghost
shadowforce ghost
shadowpunch ghost
shadowsneak ghost
sharpen normal
shatteredpsyche psychic
sheercold ice
shellsmash normal
shelltrap fire
shiftgear steel
shockwave electric
shoreup ground
signalbeam bug
silverwind bug
simplebeam normal
sing normal
sinisterarrowraid ghost
sketch normal
skillswap psychic
skullbash normal
skyattack flying
skydrop flying
skyuppercut fighting
slackoff normal
slam normal
slash normal
sleeppowder grass
sleeptalk normal
sludge poison
sludgebomb poison
sludgewave poison
smackdown rock
smartstrike steel
smellingsalts normal
smog poison
smokescreen normal
snarl dark
snatch dark
snore normal
spectralthief ghost
speedswap psychic
spikyshield grass
spiritshackle ghost
soak water
softboiled normal
solarbeam grass
solarblade grass
sonicboom normal
soulstealing7starstrike ghost
spacialrend dragon
spark electric
sparklingaria water
spiderweb bug
spikecannon normal
spikes ground
spitup normal
spite ghost
splash normal
splinteredstormshards rock
spore grass
spotlight normal
stealthrock rock
steameruption water
steelwing steel
stickyweb bug
stockpile normal
stokedsparksurfer electric
stomp normal
stompingtantrum ground
stoneedge rock
storedpower psychic
stormthrow fighting
steamroller bug
strength normal
strengthsap grass
stringshot bug
struggle normal
strugglebug bug
stunspore grass
submission fighting
substitute normal
subzeroslammer ice
suckerpunch dark
sunnyday fire
sunsteelstrike steel
superfang normal
superpower fighting
supersonic normal
supersonicskystrike flying
surf water
swagger normal
swallow normal
sweetkiss fairy
sweetscent normal
swift normal
switcheroo dark
swordsdance normal
synchronoise psychic
synthesis grass
tackle normal
tailglow bug
tailslap normal
tailwhip normal
tailwind flying
takedown normal
taunt dark
tearfullook normal
technoblast normal
tectonicrage ground
teeterdance normal
telekinesis psychic
teleport psychic
thief dark
thousandarrows ground
thousandwaves ground
thrash normal
throatchop dark
thunder electric
thunderfang electric
thunderpunch electric
thundershock electric
thunderwave electric
thunderbolt electric
tickle normal
topsyturvy dark
torment dark
toxic poison
toxicspikes poison
toxicthread poison
transform normal
triattack normal
trick psychic
trickortreat ghost
trickroom psychic
triplekick fighting
tropkick grass
trumpcard normal
twineedle bug
twinkletackle fairy
twister dragon
uturn bug
uproar normal
vcreate fire
vacuumwave fighting
venomdrench poison
venoshock poison
vicegrip normal
vinewhip grass
vitalthrow fighting
voltswitch electric
volttackle electric
wakeupslap fighting
watergun water
waterpledge water
waterpulse water
watersport water
waterspout water
waterfall water
watershuriken water
weatherball normal
whirlpool water
whirlwind normal
wideguard rock
wildcharge electric
willowisp fire
wingattack flying
wish normal
withdraw water
wonderroom psychic
woodhammer grass
workup normal
worryseed grass
wrap normal
wringout normal
xscissor bug
yawn normal
zapcannon electric
zenheadbutt psychic
zingzap electric